## Early Feedback and Grading

Grading depends on the specific lab exercise and is explained in the associated
parts of the guide, but is generally based on:

1. Your code
2. Your report

Additionally, there is a potential oral exam based on the grade of a quiz at 
the end of the course (more about this at the end of this section).

All your code must be incrementally updated on GitHub Classroom. The reports are
also stored in your repository as the `README.md`. At some point, the deadline
will expire, and you will not be able to update your code and report. As 
explained previously, the code on the `master` branch will be graded.

We strive for a course where it is clear to you how you are doing before handing
in your project for grading, as well as making it clear how you are graded. In
this way, we do not have to rely on resits in our quest to achieve the learning
objectives, but will provide feedback much earlier, before handing in your
assignment for grading. Thus, this lab knows no resit (this is also only
required by the examination rules for written exams).

There are two mechanisms by which you can obtain [early feedback] about your 
work.

a. Each lab will have an associated [Rubric], which is like a table with
  indicators for specific grades in specific parts of the assignment, that are 
  related to the learning objectives of this course.

b. You can request reviews from the TAs in GitHub Classroom on e.g. your pull
   requests with incremental changes to your code. This includes requesting 
   reviews on your `README.md` (i.e. your report). An example is shown at the 
   bottom of this page.

Therefore, by spending the required amount of time to learn, using the Rubric to
reflect on your own work, and by making use of the review functionality of
GitHub Classroom, it is incredibly unlikely that you will fail this course. At
the same time, do remember that programming experience is a prerequisite for
this course. We unfortunately do not have time to teach you how to program.

Regarding the oral exam, there is a possibility that some group members do not
contribute to achieving the lab goals, in turn causing them to not achieve the
learning objectives (sometimes called freeloaders). Because the TU Delft strives
to deliver Masters of Science of the highest quality, we must ensure that all
students that pass this course have achieved the learning objectives. To this
end, in one of the final weeks of the course, a multiple-choice quiz will take
place that is incredibly easy to pass if you achieved all learning goals through
the lab. If you do not pass (there will be a specific threshold), you are
invited to an oral examination where we will discuss the implementation of the
code. Based on this, we will determine a grade multiplier between zero and one.
Thus, make sure you understand every detail of the code your group may produce.
The quiz will be performed on Brightspace during a lecture slot. More
information will be made available there in due time.

### Regarding plagiarism

All rules of the TU Delft and master program regarding plagiarism apply. It's
fine to copy little pieces of code that you understand from e.g. StackOverflow,
to build up your own desired functionality around it. It is definitely **not**
allowed to copy portions or the whole solution from other students. If you did
that, you wouldn't be achieving the learning objectives!

Additionally, **DO NOT** make your code publicly available by e.g. forking or
copying your repository publicly. The examination rules of the Delft University
of Technology explain that even though perhaps you wrote the code yourself,
making it publicly available makes you a potential accomplice to plagiarism and
you may receive the same punishment as whoever copied it from you. We repeat:
*DO NOT make your code publicly available*.

[early feedback]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formative_assessment
[rubric]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubric_(academic)
